Until I figure out the issue with SquareSpace or figure out how to do, this will be my primary notetaking place.


As of December 17, 2021, the Shift+F10 of getting to the command prompt has been disabled by Microsoft.
The Shift+F4 has been disabled as well to bypass the Wifi request and automatically goes to the local account creation window.

This is one I have used successfully in order to bypass the Windows 11 forced account creation:

1. When you first boot up the laptop and see the initial screen, locate the disability option on the bottom right hand of the screen. It'll look like a little person.
2. A pop up window will appear, it'll display the option , select the option for 'More options'
.
.
.
3. Once you have the hidden accessibility window open, press the 'Tab' key 6 times and press enter. It'll open up a alleviated command prompt hidden.
   If that is not successful, Alt+Tab until the accessibility window is selected, then press Ctrl+w to close the Window. Repeat steps 1-3.
4. Proceed the setup process until you reach the setup window called 'Let's connect you to a network'. 
5. Press Alt+Tab until you highlighted the command prompt window.
6. Type in the following command:
	taskkill /F /IM oobenetworkconnectionflow.exe
   Now if you are confused on what point you are with this command, Alt+Tab to switch windows. 
   There will be 3 mini windows that pop up, just look at the command prompt and check out what has been typed so far.
   The text is small but hopefully you can make out what part of the command you are at.

7. Press enter to execute the command. The setup window should have the screen automatically change from a list of wi-fi networks, to a 'No ethernet' option in the 'Let's connect you to a network' setup window.
8. An button should appear at the bottom which says 'Create a local account'. Click on the button and you are on your way!


Now there other ways of disabling your Wi-Fi:

1. Checking the BIOs and see if there is a 'Disable Wi-Fi' option in the menus.
2. Using a Fn+Function key to put the laptop into Airplane mode.

The problem is that BIOs and Function keys are all different for desktops, laptops and tablets. It'll be time consuming to figure out how to disable Wi-Fi on different models.

There is a option as well, courtesy of a Reddit post, which suggest inputting the following when they ask for account:
	Account: a@a.com
	Password: Random password
It should bring up a prompt that says 'Account is locked', and the button to create a local account should appear, but I haven't tested that yet.

